README.md, before:

# Quenington Wildlife Park

![am i reponsive](READme/qwp-ami-reponsive.png)

Quenington Wildlife Park is the website of a **fictitious** wildlife park.

The park has a large forest and a lake. It has a wide variety of birds and animals for the public to see. It has animals like the red squirrels and deer, and has variety of birds like chaffinch, crested grebe, common moorhen, eurasian jay and many more. It has a cafeteria serving drinks and refreshments to vistors. The park is open everyday from spring to autumn every year.

## Purpose of Website

The website is targeted towards those who want to see the animals and birds in its natural habitat.

The purpose of the website is to promote and advertise the wildlife park to the general public. It contains information about what animals and birds to see, opening times, location of the park, admission prices and contact details.

## Design

The website is designed so that it can be displayed on smartphones, tablets, laptop and desktops. The screen width is capped at maximum display of 1200 pixels on the 'Home' page (landing page) and the 'About Us' page. This is ensure that the contents stay within the central vision of the user on wide screen devices, thus making it easier for the user to consume.

### All Web Pages

#### The Header

The header is featured on all the web pages, and has the title of the website.

![header with website title](READme/qwp-header.png)

#### Navigation Bar

The navigation bar is featured on all the webpages, and has links to all the pages of the website. It has the menu links item arranged vertically for devices with screen widths of less than 800 pixels. This is to make it easy for mobile and tablet users to navigate and tap on the link. The screen shot below shows the arrangement of menu items that is displayed on devices such as smartphone and tablets.

![navigation bar as displayed on mobile devices](READme/qwp-nav-mobile.png)

On devices with screens wider than 800 pixels on devices such as laptop, desktops and navigation items are arranged horizontally as shown below. The navigation bar is also anchored at the bottom of the device's browser screen.

![navigation bar as displayed on desktop devices](READme/qwp-nav-desktop.png)

#### The Footer

The footer has links to social media sites and, links are arranged vertically for screen widths less than 800 pixels for devices like smartphones and tablets.

![footer as displayed on mobile devices](READme/qwp-footer.png)

For screen widths of 800 pixels or more for devices like laptops and desktops, the menu items are arranged horizontally as shown below.

![footer as displayed on desktop devices](READme/qwp-footer-desktop.png)

### The Home Page (Landing Page)

#### What's Here

#### Cafeteria

### Gallery

### About Us

#### Opening Times

#### Admission Prices

#### Where to Find Us

#### Address

#### Telephone and Email Address

### Home page (landing page)

The purpose of the home page (landing page) is to advertise the wildlife park. It has two paragraphs: the first describes what is here and what to see; the second is about a cafe serving refreshments such as drinks and lunch meals.

The images and text are arranged vertically when displayed on devices screen width less than 800 pixels. On screen width larger than 800 pixels the images and text are display side-by-side using css flex.

### Gallery

The page displays nine images of different species of birds and animals with the description below each. These are displayed below each other on devices with screen width of 800 pixels. On wider screens the images are displayed sise-by-side. On devices with screen widths of 1200 pixels three images can be displayed per row. The technology used to accomplish this is css flex.

### About Us

The page displays the opening times of the park, the admission prices, has a link to Google maps showing the location and displays the address, telephone number and email address.

## Testing

### Validator Testing

- All web files (html) have been tested using [W3C Markup Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org/). All files have passed the test and no errors were found.

- The style.css file (css) have been tested using [W3C CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/). The file has passed the test and errors were found.

### Lighthouse report

The lighthouse report has been generated for following pages:-

#### Home page for desktop devices

![lighthouse report for desktop devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-desktop-index.png)

#### Home page for mobile devices

![lighthouse report for desktop devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-mobile-index.png)

#### Gallery page for desktop devices

![lighthouse report for gallery page on desktop devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-desktop-gallery.png)

#### Gallery page for mobile devices

![lighthouse report for gallery page on mobile devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-mobile-gallery.png)

#### About Us page for desktop devices

![lighthouse report for about us page on desktop devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-desktop-about-us.png)

#### About Us page for mobile devices

![lighthouse report for about us page on mobile devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-mobile-about-us.png)

### Unfixed Bugs

The website has been tested and all known bugs have been found and fixed.

## Deployment

The website was deployed to GitHub using the steps below

- from the GitHub account home page, navigate to the quenington-wildlife-park repository
- on the top navigation bar click on Settings
- on the left side menu click on Pages
- from the source section drop-down menu, select the Main Branch

After the Main Branch has been selected, the site will be deployed after a few minutes.

The website is now deployed and is at [redfoxofwealden.github.io/quenington-wildlife-park/](https://redfoxofwealden.github.io/quenington-wildlife-park/)

## Credits

### Content

The inspiration of the website was taken from the [Love Running](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/readme-template) site.

The know-how for the css flex technology used on the 'Home' and 'Gallery' pages were inspired and taken from these articles:

- [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- [Flexbox on MDN site](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Flexbox)
- [CSS Flexbox on W3Schools site](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_flexbox.asp)

Of the three articles, the 'A Complete Guide to Flexbox' was the most useful.

All the code and written content on this website are my own creation.

### Media

There are 11 images used on the website. All have been taken from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/) website. The link to the individual image website have been placed in the Alt attribute of the \<img> tag.

There are 4 icons used for the social media links in the footer - all taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).

The two fonts used in the website, Kreon and Raleway, are taken from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/).

Commit message:

docs: work on README.md; add web page sections

README.md, after:

# Quenington Wildlife Park

![am i reponsive](READme/qwp-ami-reponsive.png)

Quenington Wildlife Park is the website of a **fictitious** wildlife park.

The park has a large forest and a lake. It has a wide variety of birds and animals for the public to see. It has animals like the red squirrels and deer, and has variety of birds like chaffinch, crested grebe, common moorhen, eurasian jay and many more. It has a cafeteria serving drinks and refreshments to vistors. The park is open everyday from spring to autumn every year.

## Purpose of Website

The website is targeted towards those who want to see the animals and birds in its natural habitat.

The purpose of the website is to promote and advertise the wildlife park to the general public. It contains information about what animals and birds to see, opening times, location of the park, admission prices and contact details.

## Design

The website is designed so that it can be displayed on smartphones, tablets, laptop and desktops. The screen width is capped at maximum display of 1200 pixels on the 'Home' page (landing page) and the 'About Us' page. This is ensure that the contents stay within the central vision of the user on wide screen devices, thus making it easier for the user to consume.

### All Web Pages

#### The Header

The header is featured on all the web pages, and has the title of the website.

![header with website title](READme/qwp-header.png)

#### Navigation Bar

The navigation bar is featured on all the webpages, and has links to all the pages of the website. It has the menu links item arranged vertically for devices with screen widths of less than 800 pixels. This is to make it easy for mobile and tablet users to navigate and tap on the link. The screen shot below shows the arrangement of menu items that is displayed on devices such as smartphone and tablets.

![navigation bar as displayed on mobile devices](READme/qwp-nav-mobile.png)

On devices with screens wider than 800 pixels on devices such as laptop, desktops and navigation items are arranged horizontally as shown below. The navigation bar is also anchored at the bottom of the device's browser screen.

![navigation bar as displayed on desktop devices](READme/qwp-nav-desktop.png)

#### The Footer

The footer has links to social media sites and, links are arranged vertically for screen widths less than 800 pixels for devices like smartphones and tablets.

![footer as displayed on mobile devices](READme/qwp-footer.png)

For screen widths of 800 pixels or more for devices like laptops and desktops, the menu items are arranged horizontally as shown below.

![footer as displayed on desktop devices](READme/qwp-footer-desktop.png)

### The Home Page (Landing Page)

Link to [Home Page](https://redfoxofwealden.github.io/quenington-wildlife-park/index.html)

The purpose of the home page (landing page) is to advertise the wildlife park. It has two sections, each with an image.: the first describes what is here and what to see; the second is about a cafe serving refreshments such as drinks and lunch meals.

The images and text are arranged vertically when displayed on devices screen width less than 800 pixels. On screen width larger than 800 pixels the images and text are display side-by-side using css flex.

#### What's Here

'What's Here' purpose is to advertise the wildlife park to the public. It describes what can be seen here when the park is open.

For devices with screen widths less than 800 pixels, such as on smartphones and tablets, the text is displayed beneath the image.

For devices with screen widths 800 pixels or wider, such as on smarlaptops or desktop pcs, the text is displayed beside the image.

#### Cafeteria

'Cafeteria' purpose is to advertise the wildlife park's refreshment facility to the public.

For devices with screen widths less than 800 pixels such as on, smartphones and tablets, the text is displayed beneath the image.

For devices with screen widths 800 pixels or wider such as on, smarlaptops or desktop pcs, the text is displayed beside the image. The technology used to accomplish this is css flex.

### Gallery

Link to [Gallery Page](https://redfoxofwealden.github.io/quenington-wildlife-park/gallery.html)

The page displays nine images of different species of birds and animals with the description below each. These are displayed below each other on devices with screen width of less than 800 pixels. On wider screens 800 pixels or wider, two images are displayed per row. On devices with screen widths of 1200 pixels, three images are displayed per row. The technology used to accomplish this is css flex.

### About Us

Link to [About Us](https://redfoxofwealden.github.io/quenington-wildlife-park/about-us.html)

The page displays the opening times of the park, the admission prices, has a link to Google maps showing the location and displays the address, telephone number and email address.

#### Opening Times

#### Admission Prices

#### Where to Find Us

#### Address

#### Telephone and Email Address

### Validator Testing

- All web files (html) have been tested using [W3C Markup Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org/). All files have passed the test and no errors were found.

- The style.css file (css) have been tested using [W3C CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/). The file has passed the test and errors were found.

### Lighthouse report

The lighthouse report has been generated for following pages:-

#### Home page for desktop devices

![lighthouse report for desktop devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-desktop-index.png)

#### Home page for mobile devices

![lighthouse report for desktop devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-mobile-index.png)

#### Gallery page for desktop devices

![lighthouse report for gallery page on desktop devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-desktop-gallery.png)

#### Gallery page for mobile devices

![lighthouse report for gallery page on mobile devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-mobile-gallery.png)

#### About Us page for desktop devices

![lighthouse report for about us page on desktop devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-desktop-about-us.png)

#### About Us page for mobile devices

![lighthouse report for about us page on mobile devices](READme/qwp-lighthouse-report-mobile-about-us.png)

### Unfixed Bugs

The website has been tested and all known bugs have been found and fixed.

## Deployment

The website was deployed to GitHub using the steps below

- from the GitHub account home page, navigate to the quenington-wildlife-park repository
- on the top navigation bar click on Settings
- on the left side menu click on Pages
- from the source section drop-down menu, select the Main Branch

After the Main Branch has been selected, the site will be deployed after a few minutes.

The website is now deployed and is at [redfoxofwealden.github.io/quenington-wildlife-park/](https://redfoxofwealden.github.io/quenington-wildlife-park/)

## Credits

### Content

The inspiration of the website was taken from the [Love Running](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/readme-template) site.

The know-how and information for the css flex technology used on the 'Home' and 'Gallery' pages were inspired and taken from these articles:

- [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- [Flexbox on MDN site](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Flexbox)
- [CSS Flexbox on W3Schools site](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_flexbox.asp)

Of the three articles, the 'A Complete Guide to Flexbox' was the most useful.

All the code and written content on this website are my own creation.

### Media

There are 11 images used on the website. All have been taken from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/) website. The link to the individual image website have been placed in the Alt attribute of the \<img> tag.

There are 4 icons used for the social media links in the footer - all taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).

The two fonts used in the website, Kreon and Raleway, were taken from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/).
